Notes/development.md, before:

1. Read the docs

2. Intial db structure from README.md

3. Imagine Test Cases

4. Build the code
    - Install .NET SDK 8.0.20

5. Mediator Pattern
- what is the request flow?
    - request -> controller -> mediator (preprocessor -> handler -> postprocessor) -> controller response
    - Example:
      1. `POST /AstronautDuty`
      2. `AstronautDutyController.CreateAstronautDuty`
      3. `Mediator.send`
      4. `(CreateAstronautDutyPreProcessor : IRequestPreProcessor<CreateAstronautDuty>).CreateAstronautDutyPreProcessor.Process`
      5. `CreateAstronautDutyHandler : IRequestHandler<CreateAstronautDuty, CreateAstronautDutyResult>.Handle`
      6. `CreateAstronautDutyPostProcessor: IRequestPostProcessor<CreateAstronautDuty, CreateAstronautDutyResult>.Process`
      7. `AstronautDutyController.CreateAstronautDuty.GetResponse(result)`

- What should belong in each partition of the mediator (preprocessor -> handler -> postprocessor)?
  - preprocessor
  - handler
  - postprocessor

6. Seed a database

Commit message:

run the migration, add some notes

Notes/development.md, after:

1. Read the docs

2. Intial db structure from README.md

3. Imagine Test Cases

4. Build the code
    - Install .NET SDK 8.0.20

5. Mediator Pattern
- what is the request flow?
    - request -> controller -> mediator (preprocessor -> handler -> postprocessor) -> controller response
    - Example:
      1. `POST /AstronautDuty`
      2. `AstronautDutyController.CreateAstronautDuty`
      3. `Mediator.send`
      4. `(CreateAstronautDutyPreProcessor : IRequestPreProcessor<CreateAstronautDuty>).CreateAstronautDutyPreProcessor.Process`
      5. `CreateAstronautDutyHandler : IRequestHandler<CreateAstronautDuty, CreateAstronautDutyResult>.Handle`
      6. `CreateAstronautDutyPostProcessor: IRequestPostProcessor<CreateAstronautDuty, CreateAstronautDutyResult>.Process`
      7. `AstronautDutyController.CreateAstronautDuty.GetResponse(result)`

- What should belong in each partition of the mediator (preprocessor -> handler -> postprocessor)?
  - preprocessor
  - handler
  - postprocessor

6. Run the migrations and examine the initial table structure
- Install SQLite/SQL Server Compact Toolbox Extension 
- Examine the InitialCreate migration
